today we are going to form a smooth me
service how opti smooth it is a cold a
smoothing process that is fast reliable
and works reduce volume eliminate frizz
and provide a smooth look with body
movement the object moon system offers a
full spectrum of smoothing services with
one versatile product when your client
wants our hair sleek straight smooth or
a more defined curl opt is smooth and
give her the look she wants first
perform a consultation and determine the
clients curl type as this service is
designed for curl levels 1 to 4 then do
a hair and scalp analysis to determine
hair type in order to choose the proper
formula strength it is imperative carry
out a strand test before application do
not use on hair that have been relaxing
an alkaline relaxer do not use on
lightened or highlighted hair or hair
treated with henna or metallic salts
start by shampooing your hair with total
results Pro solutionist aterna action
clarifying shampoo rinse and tile drive
starting in the note take half inch
horizontal partings and apply 2 to 3
pumps of objects move pretreat the scalp
to ends continue in each quadrant until
all has been treated then apply the
smooth preen treatment there getting it
an ape take a half inch horizontal
partings
apply optics mood smoothing cream
generously starting a half inch from the
scalp smooth and place herons desired
style complete entire head set timer
using a cold smoothing timing chart
conduct a knock test using a knock
method after ten minutes and continue
every five minutes after after
processing is complete rinse thoroughly
with warm water for at least 7 to 10
minutes tile dry carefully and remove
tangles gently with a wide tooth comb
starting at 1/8 apply op to smooth
conditioning neutralizer 1/2 inch from
the scalp through ends after applying to
several partings comb gently with a wide
tooth comb use the minimal tension
complete entire head process for 10
minutes continuing smoothing the hair
rinse thoroughly with warm water for 5
to 7 minutes
keeping hair smooth and aside style how
dry gently and remove tangles with a
wide tooth comb apply up to smooth post
treat cream evenly to mid lengths and
ends leave in 2-3 minutes rinse and
towel dry apply matrix styling products
fry and style of desired remember to
tell your clients do not shampoo or get
your hair wet for at least 48 hours wait
14 days before applying permanent color
follow all these steps to achieve
gorgeous lasting results with opt to
smooth permanent cold smooth process
smoothly it transforms the look of the
hair giving it a renewed softer feeling
texture the natural swim
you